sent an email earlier wasn't going to be
able to make it um so we will go ahead
and uh call this meeting to order this
is the town of Andover special uh budget
Workshop meeting for Wednesday March
20th um so welcome everybody we'll start
by reciting the Pledge of Allegiance a
pledge of allegiance to the flag the
United States of America
repu
nation
God
for all thank you um first um agenda
item is uh public
speak guess we'll go ahead and go around
uh Eric I don't know if you're on well I
can go ahead and call in either
way either way Mark you want me to I
will if you want to you
can uh why don't you go ahead and do it
you usually have you do it
okay we'll do it in order of my screen
first up is Celeste
Willard OH thanks Eric I have nothing at
this time thank you okay next up uh
Jerry and an
CR we're here to support the board of
education budget and the
superintendent's
needs okay thank you very much and that
cover you
also okay next up Shannon L uh nothing
fur than to uh indicate my support for
the board of education's budget also
thank
you okay last up Valerie
brunau yep ditto we're here to support
uh the
budget well that would be everybody
that's on my
screen okay we will go ahead thank you
everybody um so just a couple of
housekeeping things um this is a special
meeting meaning we cannot uh uh change
the agenda we can only talk about things
that are on the agenda the business that
was listed in the agenda I think most of
you heard me say that before so that is
uh rules there uh one thing that we
would like to do uh just is rearrange
the uh schedule a little bit and and
talk about the budget we'll just go
through the a have the AES budget review
at the beginning uh so we can talk about
that and you let anybody who wants to uh
leave after that review can can leave on
their own um the other thing that I'm
going to suggest and this is for I know
Joan and I have talked about this um but
the rest of the board of Finance may not
be aware so it's our understanding that
the uh while the audit needs to be
submitted the actual corrective action
plan does not need to be submitted for
another 30 days once the audit submitted
so we really do not need to take that up
today and I would propose that we uh
table that until there's some separate
discussions maybe happening over that uh
some reviews of the corrective action
plans um it's up to the board it's on
the agenda so we would have to opt to uh
to move that out to another time uh but
I would propose that we do that and uh
same probably with the with the
discussion over the uh uh Capital
expenditures policy U we could
potentially hold you know have some
separate meetings about that um but
again it's up to the board if there any
specific questions and things we can we
can talk about it there
um anybody have any concerns over that
at least the change to the agenda
schedule and any of the board members I
should say okay okay well that yeah go
ahead Joan I just wanted to add thank
you for bringing that up initially we
thought it would be a good idea since
AES was presenting their budget tonight
to add a few AES related topics to the
um you know to the agenda while they
were there um like you said I am in
agreement to to kind of when you leading
the meeting to kind of maybe push them
off and thank you for letting the other
members of the board know that there
have been a couple couple things that
probably have to be reviewed and then we
can add it to another agenda in the
future so but I'm I'm happy that you
know everyone's here to present the AES
budget to us tonight and and that we're
moving forward with that because you
know they're taking time out of their
busy nights to do that so that's that's
great thank
you yep thanks um just another
housekeeping thing too I should mention
I depending on how long this meeting
rolls I may have to leave early um to
pick somebody up at the airport kind of
unexpectedly or uh but as Joan said we
can talk about things separately we do
have no shortage of meeting schedule our
schedule so so uh yeah just same thing I
have to go to the airport tonight myself
so i' like to get out of here by nine
o'clock if I could
because yeah I would thinking maybe a
little early but we'll see yeah okay
maybe we should ride together yeah
right okay um very good
um I guess uh nothing else uh relative
to that um so what we'll do is we'll let
the uh the superintendent and school
Personnel go ahead and present the
budget talk about what's entailed um I
know some of you have attended or
reviewed some of the budget Workshop
meetings that the uh School District
held so I think that's those are very
helpful uh but we'll go ahead and uh and
uh let them do their
presentation um valer Celeste did you
wanna did you wna present on using your
screen is that what you want to do um if
you could share your screen I I don't
know if I have the the rights to share
my screen sometimes the I think Eric as
The Host can give you right share it or
if it's easier Eric if if you could just
share your screen with the budget um
that would be helpful um I could do
either but the way it's set up right now
you should be able to share your screen
directly
okay okay all right let's see here
um all right give me one okay I did have
it pulled up now I don't know what I did
with it
um all right
um sorry folks I was however if you if
it's easier for me to share it if thank
you because okay I appreciate it thanks
just no no problem give me two seconds
all right I've got it up to ER if you
want okay you should be looking at the
opening page of the uh BB proposed
budget thank you yes okay um thank you
everyone good evening um for those of
you who don't know I'm Celeste Willard
I'm the um chairwoman of the Board of Ed
I am joined here tonight with Valerie
Bruno our
superintendent um just in case if I um
leave any information out but uh my plan
is to is to present the budget to all of
you so as you can see on your screen we
have the um Board of Education proposed
budget for uh
2425 um you'll see at the top our actual
budget from 20 3 uh the adopted budget
from 24 for 24 and then the recommended
budget for um
2025 uh the first uh portion of that um
deals with the teachers um these are our
increases for uh salaries uh these are
contractual uh increases um we still
have one more year on the uh
certified um uh teachers um but again
these are our uh contractual obligations
um so those are our increases for the uh
the
3% um going down again we have an
increase for instruction for our special
ed um we do have some increases with
special ed and I'll I'll get to those um
when we get to that section but again
those are contractual increases and that
is the the
3% um scrolling down a little more um
you do see in line item um
1091 109 uh 1,200 that is the summer
school and tutoring for special
education um that is an increase of
$3,900 um that is for our extended uh
school year uh this is um different than
uh regular summer school so to speak um
this is mandated that we have to offer
um special education uh in the summer um
so this is an increase you know we've
we've worked hard in the last couple
years to keep it at $2,600 uh but due to
uh increases in the providers that we
use and increases in um what we as a
school are mandated to provide um that
line item uh went up um so that is uh
the $3,900 and that is the reason uh for
that uh below that is the uh noner um
section those are the noncertified uh
teachers um they are up for uh
negotiation their contract is up
we have not um started the negotiations
so those increases are
um an educated uh uh forecast if you
will of of what those increases might be
um educated um estimate estimate of what
those increas increases might be um and
we base those um we base those estimates
on prior negotiations in the past um and
what prior contracts um have um yielded
due to those prior
negotiations um unfortunately those
negotiations could go way past the town
meeting uh so we weren't in a position
to um to not put something in there just
because of how long those negotiations
take so again those are an educated
estimate as what we feel those noner um
increases will
be um the getting below to the
superintendent C administrative staff
and financial services again those are
all contractual increases uh based on
the uh negotiated contracts for our
superintendent uh for our um um
principal and for our uh Financial
Services uh for our Financial
Manager um Eric can you just
scroll scroll down or scroll up okay
thank you um you'll see there under
benefits we do have an increase of
12.99% um you know we are in a the the
teachers I'm not uh but they are in a a
healthc care Consortium um so the
overall increase um is
16.5% however their uh their increase
our increase is going to be
12.99 um we did factor in um people um
coming off the plan coming on the plan
um know we do have there might be uh you
know people that are coming on and off
the plan so we did factor that in there
um but that is for uh the health
insurance for the benefits um so that is
an increase of
12.99% um scrolling down just just a
little bit Eric can you just scroll just
a little bit yep perfect thanks um we
did have an increase for our board clerk
um we have 12 months in a year so we pay
her $200 a meeting um so that that is
why it went up $200 to to pay her for
the the 12 meetings that we have um so
that is uh for that um this is the
professional Ed the the special
education services um that I kind of
touched upon um again these are uh these
are our mandated Services um um and we
have um some of the services that um are
increasing with what we have to offer
are uh certain uh testing that we have
to increase um new equipment um and some
of the contracted providers that we use
for those Services uh their costs have
gone up uh the only thing that we did
not um have to increase was the
Psychological Services uh because we do
have a grant to uh cover those
increases um but that is um the the
special ed uh increases that again that
we are um
that that we are are mandate mandated to
um to to provide to to our
students um again the specialed other
Professional Services that that's also
another increase but again that that
goes into the explanation as far as what
what needed to be increased with special
ad um if you you can kind of scroll up
now Eric just a little bit actually so
still on page two um if you look at line
item ending in
2621 um that is the r&m building uh the
HVAC um we did sign we did uh sign into
a service contract with them um so it
did go up
um um
$5,000 um we
were we were working with this company
and then we we were having other
services by other companies so we
decided to kind of bundle everything
into one service plan um so by doing
that um we are are um we did enter into
this contract um we can re-evaluate it
in two years um but we felt that um we
were paying a little bit more having
other
services kind of allart if you will and
by bundling um we went with this uh
provider uh this this um this hbac
company so that is a an increase of
$5,000 um on that line
item um scrolling you can just scroll up
just just a little bit Eric
um we did have um so in line item if you
see there it's 432 2580 that is the
admin technology repair and maintenance
that is our contract with Eon uh they
provide they they provide the the
technology um and the service uh to the
technology for the
school we have been very fortunate to um
subsidize um this contract with a grant
um so although um their their contract
didn't go up the portion that we have to
pay went up because we are now paying
the the full amount whereas before we
had a grant to kind of help us pay it um
so it's not that their contract went up
it's just that what what our
responsibility now uh to them went up um
so now we are paying the the full amount
um so that's why it went up $116,000
because again we were fortunate enough
to have a grant but now that Grant is no
longer available so we're we're on the
hook now for for the full
amount um all right um
transportation um we did just sign a a
contract um with dco um and um that is
why that uh we have an increase there um
it's
$6500 um that is it's a five-year
contract um with a with
a a variable rate if you will um so this
year uh the amount um that it went up is
uh
$6,500 um we also have special ed
transportation we lease a van um through
the town and we also have to pay a
driver um so that cost went up uh
$1,500 um because uh we do have um we we
have a special ed uh transportation that
we use so that's why that is there
um everything else if you scroll down uh
just a little bit um yep stay right
there Eric thanks um there's the line
item 5601 1200 um that is the
outplacement outplacement specialed we
were paying us $96,000 a tuition and we
are no we no longer have to pay that out
placement so we are now saving
$96,000 uh because of that and because
of that savings we were able to temper
some of other expenses in the budget uh
with that savings um so that is um uh
that was a big win for us this year that
we that were no longer on the hook for
that outplacement so we were able to
save uh $96,000 which definitely helped
us overall uh keep our our increases
down um you can kind of keep scrolling
uh you'll see here that we really don't
have any um increases to supplies um
we're very fortunate you know we do get
grants um we get a r to write Grant
we've gotten an after school Grant you
know summer summer Grant and with that
you can you know obviously get supplies
and um if you don't use all of those
supplies we're able to still reallocate
those supplies uh so that's been been
helpful so we were so we didn't see any
increases um to any of those line items
because again we were able to kind of re
reallocate supplies that we were able to
purchase um through a
grant um you can kind of keep on
scrolling down there Eric if you will I
appreciate it yep keep
going keep going um okay so right here
um you'll see um that we did keep our
heating oil which is a line item um 624
261 zero uh we did keep it um at
107,000 um we did have discussions about
this as a board um we felt that um it's
tough I mean it's tough to forecast fuel
it's tough to forecast heating oil you
know we had a somewhat mild winter this
year we had a somewhat even milder
winter last year but that's not to say
that next year it you know we we won't
have a a a a very cold winter um we were
able to lock in our heating oil price at
$22.97 uh which I we we were very
fortunate to do um but we really felt
that um keeping it the same um was
conservative and it was also also
reasonable to do that and if we lowered
that and we we have a very cold winter
next year um we didn't want to have to
you know um tap into to someplace else
to try to cover that so we kept that
line item the
same and if you keep scrolling keep
scrolling down Eric um keep going keep
keep going
I and um just kind of just touching upon
real quick the um superintendent fees
and dues um those stayed the same you
know we're fortunate um that uh Val can
split her fees and dues among the the
two schools of you know so she splits it
with us and she splits it with Scotland
um the other Student Activity fees and
other uh fees that we have um did not
increase either
so that is the that is our budget um
you'll see that it's uh an increase of
$3,262 69 um which totals out to a
2.67 um increase
um I
think if anybody has any questions um um
I'd be happy to answer them um but those
are that's our budget those are our
increases and and the explanations as to
why
any questions from the board
members Mark I just had a question so
last um could you touch on um the if
there's any changes anticipated in
Staffing or um just the enrollment side
of things I mean great job on presenting
the budget um and the expenditures it's
it's easy to follow so I appreciate that
I don't know if either you or Valerie
have any um thoughts on that I didn't
know if I I mean yep and I mean um
enrollment is increasing um it it is um
but we have not um it's increasing at a
rate where we don't have to add another
teacher or you know add another
classroom um so it it is um growing but
we're we're in a good uh situation where
um the the class sizes are aren't
getting that big but we we are seeing an
increase pretty much every every month
uh in enrollment MH no thank you I
missed that budget Workshop where you
discussed that and sometimes they talk
about the number so yep I appreciate
that
sure Mark can I ask you a question am I
allowed to bring up a
point um I know if am I allowed to do I
have to wait to item C under number four
I was just going to make an observation
because it was discussed a lot tonight
or do I wait till you
pinpoint item C under number
four under oh forc so the yeah I think
you can go ahead and ask about it yeah I
mean I think that really relevant I mean
we've had the presentation for all tens
purposes right so the presentation was
great and I mean it and Celeste and I
know Valerie has said in the past it's
you know some of the expenses they're
able to keep down with the hard work
they do with achieving grants and and
getting grants for the school so we had
talked about this a little bit last year
so I I understand all of this it might
be good in the future if we can all meet
together and come up with a template um
where we kind of say the grants you know
and present the grants um um and the
revenue that comes into the school from
that versus the um this I want to call
the um gosh there's a word it's not the
capital budget this is the the
operational budget than you got it week
the operational budget so just to kind
of see how much there is quite a bit
being saved so then you have to roll it
kind of back into the budget and you
with all of us you answered it very
nicely and presented okay well this and
now I totally understand okay this is
going up because we used to have a grant
for this or so it might be nice to come
up with a template that we all agree on
it doesn't have you know and I met with
Valerie and Terry one time and we had a
little piece of paper that we were going
back and forth Mark's been involved so
hopefully we can do that in the future
but I I understood this great but I'll
just touch on that as an as an item so
maybe we can come forward especially now
that we'll have we won't talk about the
whole thing but that will have Capital
expenditures and so keeping track of
those grants and just knowing the town
um what's coming in that would be great
okay absolutely thanks
Joanne other questions or comments from
the
board no just thank you celest that was
very well presented and very clear
thanks well thanks Bill appreciate
it going
once
yeah I mean just to Echo kind of what
Joanne brought up about the about the
grants you know okay I raised this
before and I'll say it again but you
know the the standard way to present a
budget in the financial statements is to
show all of your revenues and all of
your expenses and that would include any
grants you know just as a illustration
the U the Yukon uh technology services
that you showed this huge bump in your
expenditures it really wasn't a bump in
the expenditures or the cost it was a
change in the fact that you didn't have
that offsetting Grant so normally what
would you do is show you know
consistently every year 39,000 39,000
39,000 and then you would show in the
revenue section an offsetting Grant or
however you wanted to show it to show
that hey we're really spending close to
40 Grand on this but we're look at us we
got this grant it's cool um you know
sort of offset so that's kind of the
value of that of that particular uh
Arrangement um it just kind of makes a
lot of things clearer and I think it's
just you know all around this designates
kind of
where sorry about
that you're oh where the money's going
Etc so that's all
okay understood
understood other comments from the board
questions okay I mean hearing none at
this point I think there's really no
particular action to take uh at this
point for us is just really primarily
review um so um it is part of our
oversight duties I think it's the board
of Finance to review that uh uh question
things that don't make sense or if if um
we want to see things differently or we
think it would help the town to do
something you a different way but you
know generally I don't see that we have
any concerns at this point I think we're
all very fortunate that we're able to
keep this uh increase to less than 3% uh
given inflationary pressures and
obviously I think if you if you parse it
out it's really probably about a 5%
increase in the overall operating uh
expenditures except that it was offset
by the decrease in the special ed out
placement which you know will take it
right because right doesn't always break
in our favor uh still given the
inflationary uh scenario that's uh
that's fairly reasonable I think um I
don't really have anything else to say
if none of the other board members have
have any further comments and we can we
can move on um and if if something
should come up Mark I'm available by
email you know Valerie you know again if
if you think of something you know
tonight or tomorrow and um you know I'm
I'm I'm happy to to answer any questions
so I just appreciate everyone's time and
thank you for moving this up on the uh
the agenda I appreciate that too thank
you yeah appreciate it yeah that goes
for any of the board members obviously
you can reach out share any any
correspondence uh in our in our meetings
so okay all right I'm gonna log
off thank Youk youone a great evening
thank you too so going back to the board
so we do have the um audit review and
corrective action plan as I mentioned uh
Eric had a conversation with the auditor
separately and learned that we can
submit the audit which um I think we
should do because neither the Board of
selectman or the board of Finance had
any concerns about the audit itself um
and then we have up to 30 days to uh
submit the corrective action plan now
that's obviously been a little bit of a
bone of contention know there's
disagreement over the some of the
corrective actions that have been
proposed um there's some discussion
about putting in some an outside like a
working committee or something to review
this and try to come up with a
compromise that works for everybody um
working with the auditor potentially
that's still you know under discussion
um but I think it may be makes sense for
us to kind of table this until we until
we get further along on that process um
does anybody have any questions or
comments about that Mark I was just
goingon to comment once um I appreciate
you um bringing that to our attention
today I think that it's great that we go
ahead and submit the audit I mean our
town as a whole for the whole audit is
moving a lot further ahead I think I
mentioned at the last meeting so this is
a lot quicker I mean we keep wanting to
move forward work all together to come
to some kind of resolution that you know
everyone can live with and I like you
saying there's you know with whatever
the reasons and all of that um I think
it's good if we do have a meeting um of
certain parties to meet with the auditor
because I really do listen to every you
know I go to many many Town meetings um
so
like to soak that in and and I'd love to
hear what the auditor has to say too um
about just resolving it and you know
putting a few of us at a table I don't
you know I would love to be there
because I take such an interest and I
listen to all the meetings so thank you
for that however the compromise is
reached and everybody coming together to
to make it work I think is a great
idea along with the auditor because he's
the important one that's going to say
what you know rather than secondhand so
that would be great so thanks for that
it should be some good gu yeah Kimberly
did you have a comment or question I
just agree with everything that Joanne
said I I think it's a great
idea
yeah B so would that be another special
meeting that we get together to meet
with the auditor because I would love to
hear what he thinks of the proposed you
know uh action plan so how would that be
handled or would that be a like a
separ the concept right now is not
necessarily to make it a broad public
meeting at this point but just kind of a
smaller working group to try to you know
throw on some ideas um so you know I'm
not sure how when or if it'll take place
but that's that's the concept right now
um so I I don't want to speak out a turn
until you know had a chance to talk to
the auditor and the other parties U
Board of selectman Board of Education it
was just it's again just potentially
part of the approach that would allow us
to to do that so you know we'll uh I
think once we kind of get this
formulated I'll I'll reach out and let
everybody know and then we can kind of
figure out who's who's going to step in
there and
participate okay okay Mark can I can I
just add for Bill that's great I mean I
think eventually we'll have the auditor
at one of our meetings as well Bill like
he did the last time you know now that
like you said now that we're a little
deeper in the process and have been on
the board for a while it is good to just
keep increasing the knowledge and having
him like you said as the point person so
that so I I can appreciate that too like
you know we're just we're increasing our
knowledge with the process and
everything as we go along and we get to
hear what he thinks is the best too so
yeah sure
yep any other input questions from the
board yeah I was just gonna say what
Joanne just said is that in addition to
that I think you should bring in the
auditor at some point and just have a a
a recap review and probably invite the
Board of Ed to that also um and have a
discussion with the auditor on on that
final audit that's something we normally
do as part of the the audit process once
the audit has been submitted to the
state yeah it's true was was that long
ago we did it but I guess because we
were so late with the last thought and
it
took we're getting there you know we got
to keep this going yeah yeah yeah yeah
well as you pointed out it's progress
right so better yeah okay
y okay well if nobody else has any other
comments and you know the next thing on
our agenda was the review of the policy
and capital expenditures um you know I
don't know if anybody has anyut or
comment on that um you know I think that
that's something that again probably
want to discuss separately Rob I don't
know if you guys had talked about it
anymore you know we keep trying to we
keep trying to find a time to get
together and we haven't been able to yet
so I absolutely think we should table it
uh for now uh because that we really
haven't made any progress since yeah uh
that you know prior meeting yeah I mean
ideally end up with a work in agreement
that everybody's already primed for and
understands and is in agreement with so
okay anybody else any any comments on
that
topic sorry here I go again but I just
think I think it's good to table it for
tonight um um I think eventually we'll
get there on this I know that now that
there's going to be a capital
Improvement line for oh maybe I'm going
this kind of is General is this you know
it doesn't are we review discussion on
policy on Capital expenditures in
general but more or less
okay I won't comment then yeah I'm I'm
good with tabling it I know we had a few
illnesses going around this week so I I
don't mind a short you know I'm
recovering from something I don't mind a
shorter meeting you know um once we have
open discussion yeah yeah do we need to
move to taable it Mark no I don't think
so we just let it ride and then uh you
know it's like making a negative motion
typically you don't you just you don't
take action and then we can just add it
to the next agenda or two weeks or
whenever we decide we we're prepared to
talk about it right you know we don't
have an infinite amount of time so we're
going to need to address it um but I I
don't think we neily need to do take any
action on it at this point
okay
okay well I guess if there's no further
action on that topic or discussion then
the uh next agenda item is
adjournment are we allowed this will be
our record meeting for us but are we
allowed to ask about our topics for our
next well I guess we have a regular
meeting coming up next then we go back
to the budget meetings I believe right
am I correct the 27th should be a
regular Board of Finance
meeting is that right oh yeah I guess
that would be right right we had hoped
that AES and we glad that they were able
to come tonight yeah yeah next week's
regular meeting well yeah and then we
have a regular meeting
um I don't know if you want me to wait
and then send topics well you can
suggest them I mean but you we can do it
just as readily to by email or whatever
if and that goes for any of the board
members just if any of you think about
things or you think hey we really
haven't talked about this we really need
to I'd really like to get this on an
agenda or hey something came up that I
thought about or somebody asked me about
that you know you just want to have as
part of an actual agenda item versus a
board open discussion uh you can always
uh email what I would say is to is to
email probably myself and Joan
and maybe copy Eric and then we'll have
some discussion and uh we can have Kate
added to the uh to the agenda am I
allowed to ask era a budget related
question or we stick to because we
didn't have budget open
discussion
well ask your
question's it's a real we do a budget
workshop on the agenda so I yeah it's
pretty generic yeah yeah it's just a a
simple question then Eric um um with the
ram I'm I don't have the spreadsheet
open but with the ram return of money
this year correct to Andover did we I
and and I apologize I don't have it open
we just have this time so did we see the
figure that you have on our budget um
spreadsheet is it the figure for next
year or did you go ahead and already
minus that returned money from that
figure I would rather see it as two
items if we
could uh so if I understand your
question what you're saying is that Ram
is returning approximately
$119,000 last year Surplus to our budget
correct that is
incorporated uh in their
number um and the Ram Board of Ed also
so that is the number you see on your
budget worksheet already includes that
119 subtracted because basically that's
Tak they on their part I I thought maybe
you did it but you're saying when they
came forward and and I should have
studied that a little so you're saying
when they presented the number to you
they Incorporated it wasn't us taking it
out I just well yeah no what you see in
the budget is me subtracting that out
based on the final report that they gave
us yeah um it's in the notes there too
it says it includes that so well I did
see that but I wanted to know if you
know I did see the notes and that's what
alerted me to it I'm more of a real
figure you know you see it then you say
okay they gave because it's thank you
think on it no you know additionally
Colin replied to me uh this morning on
the basis of the latest Ram meeting they
have decreased their budget versus their
original ask so their budget as it
stands right now um is
4,1
15,16 total between their capital budget
and their operating budget minus the 119
that's returning to uh the towns and the
way they return it is basically just to
reduce it from the levy oh so they don't
give us
$120,000 and then charge us for it over
the year they just reduce their ask in
as I recall I I don't study it as much
as I used to because it doesn't usually
change and I used to spend way too much
money on questions but I mean May way
too much time but you're right they do
though they do show it you're right they
have a lie they they do show it there
okay did didn't didn't Colin say at the
meeting too our last meeting I thought
he said they were making more reductions
so you're saying they actually added to
the budget no I'm saying they did make
more reduced okay they add more
reduction I just got it this morning so
I didn't reshare a new spreadsheet with
no no that's fine um but the bottom line
is the ram budget item has gone down um
which right now our percent increase of
the mill rate uh as it stands is about
68 so the mill rate would go up by .21
Ms as it stands currently which is a
little bit of a reduction from what it
was
before thank you I'm assuming since you
didn't mention it that he didn't get
back to us on the enrollment projection
uh andover's percentage question that I
hit him with no no and and funny enough
I had asked him that question before and
he hadn't really answered me so I'm not
I don't know how detailed the
information they have from there because
they use a service to provide that
information for them okay and I know
he's gone back to the service and ask
but I don't
know you know I'm not from his
perspective that's an under the hood
question and they have to they would
have to give it to him yeah they're yeah
so it may take him a little bit of time
to generate that but I will follow up
with him on that because obviously that
is something we have to to sweat a
little bit in future years
right
y sweat more than a little bit maybe
y home before the storm sort of stuff
right okay anybody have anything else
and just one addition I do have some
things that I do want to bring up in our
next meetings kind of to set the stage
for you know when we do look at the
we've had our overviews we've we've
heard from the school systems now um we
already know about um oh gosh I'm so
sorry I'm getting over being ill but the
service that we have provided to us that
provides us me mental health and
different things we know about that
budget so yeah I'll have some particular
questions that I might want to ask but
I'll definitely provide them by email so
that when we have our next budget
Workshop we can talk about
them okay
yeah right I move to
ajour
have I'm gonna give this one to Kimberly
because I saw our hand go down same as
you Bill and I think that'll probably be
one of our first uh first motions okay
first second uh any
discussion okay all those in favor say I
I any
opposed any
extensions okay hearing none thank you
very much everyone we'll uh rejourn next
week for a regular meeting hope
everything go